some important factors when making decision and that you want to consider
I think is ultimately is the juice work the squeeze you know is
the risk worth is the reward worth the risk you need to look at what
is the desired end state what is the actual desired intent at the end
and then kind of work your way backwards from that to figure out
what it is you're gonna need in order to achieve that that objective
and make those decisions and then ultimately is it even worth moving
forward in that path once I've discovered over all the other stuff
that I've got to think about in the planning that's involved what are
some secret sauce tips for your leadership style some secret sauce
tips for my leadership style would be you know be an active listener
communicate properly be relatable to the folks that you're leading
so that they have trust in you and that they feel that they can come
to you and talk to you about situations that you value their opinion
and don't be afraid to to do the dirty work either I've found a
lot of times you know you if you're a leader in let's say it's time
to do clean up you know don't just ask your folks do clean up go out
and grab the broom yourself and help start sweeping you'd be surprised
how many other people are going to join when they see you as the
leader out there sweeping up the P. way are cleaning up something everyone
else wants to join in because like wow if he's willing to do
this now what am I doing you know and that also shows your folks at
your relatable nature able to get down to that level and to build that
trust